eg. -> e.g. (#20064)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/77/index.md

### WebDriver conformance (Marionette)

> - Certain commands could have caused a hang of Marionette when the currently selected top-level browsing context gets removed, e.g. closing the window by a click ({{bug(1619481)}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Certain commands could have caused a hang of Marionette when the currently selected top-level browsing context gets removed, like closing the window by a click ({{bug(1619481)}}).
```

> - Certain commands could have caused a hang of Marionette when the currently selected top-level browsing context gets removed, like closing the window by a click ({{bug(1619481)}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Certain commands could have caused a hang of Marionette when the currently selected top-level browsing context gets removed (e.g, closing the window by a click) ({{bug(1619481)}}).
```
